# HOME-AUTOMATION-USING-ESPMODULE-8266-
Smart homes refers to energy efficient, time saving  includes  reduces  the  human  efforts.  Commercial content distribution network (CDNs) has Video-on-demand (VOD)  services  for  on-demand  capacity  provisioning  on smart television  (Home Automation). The  content has full control  and  customization,  so  they  prefer  self-  managed content  infrastructure.  The  initial  capital  investment  for physical infrastructure was so expensive and quite difficult for  management.  The  objective  of  key  providers  was  to reduce  the  server  rental  cost  by  accessing  through  the efficient  and  inexpensive  ESP8266  chip  to  the  cloud platforms on which  dynamic server provisioning to reduce the  server  rental  cost  which  was  the  key  objective  for content  providers.  In  this  paper  we  addressed  the challenges  of  reducing  the  cost  of  accessing  the  cloud platforms. We present the construction of ESP8266 with the Arduino or  microcontroller are  attached to get  the smart television, where all our choice of videos can be stored and retrieved  at  any  time.  Adafruit,  Electrodragon,  Sparkfun helps to get the chip. Through the software development kit (SDK) in ESP8266 that  allow the  chip to  be programmed which  remove the  need of  the microcontroller.  Generally accessing cloud  facility will  produce high  cost but  in this paper  gives  the replacement  of  the  accessing  the  cloud with  the    ESP8266 serial    chip    which  operated in  low power  consumption with  the  low cost  because  it has  the three configurable sleep modes
